c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\OnScreenKeyBoard.g.i.cs
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\OnScreenKeyBoard.g.cs
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\OnScreenKeyBoard.xaml
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\OnScreenKeyBoard.xbf
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\bin\Debug\OnScreenKeyBoard.xbf
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\bin\Debug\TecladoUWP.xr.xml
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\bin\Debug\TecladoUWP.dll
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\bin\Debug\TecladoUWP.pdb
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\bin\Debug\TecladoUWP.pri
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\TecladoUWP.dll
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\TecladoUWP.pdb
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\cris_\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TecladoUWP\TecladoUWP\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
